C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\appsettings.Development.json
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\appsettings.json
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.exe
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.deps.json
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.runtimeconfig.dev.json
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.dll
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.pdb
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\AutoMapper.Extensions.Microsoft.DependencyInjection.dll
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\FluentValidation.dll
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.JwtBearer.dll
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.InMemory.dll
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\scopedcss\bundle\WebApi.styles.css
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\staticwebassets\WebApi.StaticWebAssets.Manifest.cache
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.dll
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\refint\WebApi.dll
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.pdb
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Movie-Store\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\ref\WebApi.dll
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.exe
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.deps.json
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.dll
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.pdb
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\AutoMapper.dll
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\AutoMapper.Extensions.Microsoft.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\FluentValidation.dll
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.JwtBearer.dll
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.InMemory.dll
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\bin\Debug\net5.0\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\scopedcss\bundle\WebApi.styles.css
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\staticwebassets\WebApi.StaticWebAssets.Manifest.cache
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.dll
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\refint\WebApi.dll
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.pdb
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\WebApi.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\DincF\Documents\GitHub\Online-Training-Projects\.Net Core Training\MovieStore\MovieStore\WebApi\obj\Debug\net5.0\ref\WebApi.dll
